Hello, sir. I hope you're doing well. My name is Hamza Jakouk. I'm 22 years old and a student at the National School of Applied Science. My academic journey began in 2019 when I started my two-year preparatory cycle. After that, I had the chance to start my engineering path in the field of information systems and big data. Right now, I'm in my graduation year. I noticed your post on LinkedIn, and I was thrilled by the opportunity. In fact, Artefact is a highly renowned company in the field, a dream for many. I've had the opportunity to work on many projects and gain experience with various technologies. In terms of my professional experience, I've completed three internships.
During the most recent one  at Marsa Maroc, I develop a chatbot designed to assist the worker in efficiently addressing and resolving boat issues, thereby enhancing their repair processes.To accomplish this, I began by visiting boat workplaces to study how the engines work and identify the most common problems that occur. This initial research provided valuable insights into how to approach the problem effectively.Then, I collected data from various place like , consulting catalog books and online resources. I  verified the data in collaboration with an expert in the field. With the data in hand, I start to develop the model, using natural language processing (NLP) technologies to streamline the workflow. This involved text chunking and embedding to create vectors, and these vectors were stored on the Pinecone vector store now When a user asks a question, such as 'What is a neural network?' we begin by embedding the question. Then, we use semantic search to find similar vectors in our vector store. This search returns five results. We feed these results into our large language model (LLM) to generate a more understandable answer.

In my previous role, I was involved in a R&D project that aimed to recommend travel itineraries based on user preferences. At the time, data wasn't available, and it was expected to take approximately two years to gather enough data.

During that period, our team tried to identify suitable AI models, including recommendation engines and similarity models.

The ultimate objective was to provide users with personalized travel plans. While waiting for the data to accumulate, we proactively prepared by selecting the most appropriate AI tools for the project

 data service provider that transforms data into business impact 